draft devel section (#1)
opennetworkinglab/aether-docs: onramp/devel.rst

Development Support
-----------------------

OnRamp's primary goal is to support users that want to deploy
officially released versions of Aether on local hardware, but it also
provides a way for users that want to develop new features to deploy

> and test those changes. To this end, this section describes how to

Reviewer: What about this change?
```suggestion
and test them. To this end, this section describes how to
```

> configure OnRamp to include locally modified components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configure OnRamp to use locally modified components, such as
Helm Charts, Docker images, 5GC's source code.
```

At a low level, development is a component-specific task, and users
are referred to documentation for the respective subsystems:

* To develop SD-Core, see the :doc:`SD-Core Guide <sdcore:index>`.

* To develop SD-RAN, see the :doc:`SD-RAN Guide <sdran:index>`.

* To develop ROC-based APIs, see :doc:`ROC Development </developer/roc>`.

* To develop Monitoring Dashboards, see :doc:`Monitoring & Alert Development </developer/monitoring>`.

At a high level, OnRamp provides a means to deploy developmental

> versions of Aether than include local modifications to the standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
versions of Aether that include local modifications to the standard
```

components. These modifications range from coarse-grain (i.e.,
replacing the Helm Chart for an entire subsystem), to fine-grain

> (i.e., replacing the container image for an individual microservice).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(i.e., replacing the container image (source code) for an individual microservice).
```
